improve documentation (#135)
CodeIntelligenceTesting/cifuzz: README.md

This should stop after a few seconds with an actual finding.

### Setup / Create your first fuzz test

**Important:** In general there are two ways to run your fuzz test:

1. An actual fuzzing run by calling: `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test`.
This will create new fuzzing data and feed it into your fuzz test.
cifuzz will run until a crash occurs. As a result there will be a 
generated corpus and maybe a new finding.

2. As a regression test, by invoking it through your IDE/editor or by

> directly executing the binary (`./my_fuzz_test`).

Reviewer: The `my_fuzz_test` binary which you mean here only exists when it was built manually via cmake before (the steps for that are explained in the "How to build/compile your fuzz tests" section of the new `How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md`). After following the "Create your first fuzz test" steps, the only `my_fuzz_test` binary that exists is `.cifuzz-build/libfuzzer/address+undefined/my_fuzz_test` which is the libfuzzer binary which does do actual fuzzing (but not with the options we want to use). We should make it clear which binary is meant here and how it's built, maybe with a link to the "How to build/compile your fuzz tests" section.

Author: good point... I added a link to the section of the tutorial

This will use the replayer to apply existing input data from the
seed corpus. In this case the fuzz test will stop immediately after

> applying all input to fuzz test or if earlier if a regression occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applying all input to fuzz test or earlier if a regression occurs.
```

Author: done

> 

Reviewer: Is this the right place to explain the difference between actual fuzzing and regression testing? I would find a separate section below the `### Create your first fuzz test` section more appropriate. That way, users are not distracted when on their shortest path to their first working fuzz test.

Reviewer: Maybe `### Regression testing`

Author: ok. Should be fine for now.
Done

4. Start the fuzzing by executing `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test`. 
**cifuzz** now tries to build the fuzz test and starts a fuzzing run.

### Regression testing

**Important:** In general there are two ways to run your fuzz test:

1. An actual fuzzing run by calling: `cifuzz run my_fuzz_test`.

> This will create new fuzzing data and feed it into your fuzz test.
> cifuzz will run until a crash occurs. As a result there will be a 
> generated corpus and maybe a new finding.

Reviewer 2: I tried my hands at explaining the used terms a bit more, but we could also do that in a different section:
```suggestion
The fuzzer will rapidly generate new inputs and feed them into your fuzz test. Any input that covers new parts of the fuzzed project will be added to the generated corpus. cifuzz will run until a crash occurs and report detailed information about the finding.
```

Author: I think it is fine here... I changed it.

2. As a regression test, by invoking it through your IDE/editor or by
directly executing the fuzz test binary 

> ([How to build that binary](docs/How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md#how-to-buildcompile-your-fuzz-tests)).

Reviewer 2: Yes, unless users use CMake Presets to mimic what we do in `cifuzz run` (not yet implemented), their `cmake` and `ctest` runs will always produce and run replayer binaries without an actual fuzzer linked in.

> ([How to build that binary](docs/How-To-Write-A-Fuzz-Test.md#how-to-buildcompile-your-fuzz-tests)).

Author: ok. I adjusted the sections to be a bit more explicit about this

This will use the replayer to apply existing input data from the
seed corpus. In this case the fuzz test will stop immediately after

> applying all input to fuzz test or earlier if a regression occurs.

Author: I just removed the second fuzz test :)
